Polish and document the current Prometheus metrics (#714)
Concordium/concordium-node: docs/prometheus-exporter.md

### `network_inbound_high_priority_message_drops_total`

Total inbound high priority messages dropped due to the queue for high priority messages being full.
See `network_inbound_high_priority_message_queue_size` for the current size of the queue.

### `network_inbound_low_priority_message_drops_total`

Total inbound low priority messages dropped due to the queue for low priority messages being full.
See `network_inbound_low_priority_message_queue_size` for the current size of the queue.

### `network_inbound_high_priority_messages_total`

Total inbound high priority messages received. This is incremented when a consensus message is enqueue in the high priority queue. Note: Does not include the dropped messages, see `network_inbound_high_priority_message_drops_total`.

### `network_inbound_low_priority_messages_total`

Total inbound low priority messages received. This is incremented when a consensus message is enqueue in the low priority queue. Note: Does not include the dropped messages, see `network_inbound_low_priority_message_drops_total`.

### `network_inbound_high_priority_message_queue_size`

> Current number of consensus messages in the inbound high priority queue. Start dropping messages when larger than 16 * 1024.

Author: I have added this

### `network_inbound_low_priority_message_queue_size`

Current number of consensus messages in the inbound low priority queue. Start dropping messages when larger than 32 * 1024.

### `network_outbound_high_priority_message_queue_size`

> Current number of consensus messages in the outbound high priority queue. Start dropping messages when larger than 8 * 1024.

Reviewer: Also this should generally be around 0. Some spikes are fine, but if this is large then there is an indication that there are too few resources.

Author: I have added the same comment for all 4 of the metrics related to message queue size.

###  `network_connections_received_total`

Total number of connections received. Incremented everytime someone tries to establish a new connection, meaning even the failed connections are accounted, such as when the address is banned, duplicate connection or the node is at its limit on number of connections.

### `network_inbound_high_priority_message_drops_total`

Total inbound high priority messages dropped due to the queue for high priority messages being full.
See `network_inbound_high_priority_message_queue_size` for the current size of the queue.

### `network_inbound_low_priority_message_drops_total`

Total inbound low priority messages dropped due to the queue for low priority messages being full.
See `network_inbound_low_priority_message_queue_size` for the current size of the queue.

### `network_inbound_high_priority_messages_total`

Total inbound high priority messages received. This is incremented when a consensus message is enqueue in the high priority queue. Note: Does not include the dropped messages, see `network_inbound_high_priority_message_drops_total`.

### `network_inbound_low_priority_messages_total`

> Total inbound low priority messages received. This is incremented when a consensus message is enqueue in the low priority queue. Note: Does not include the dropped messages, see `network_inbound_low_priority_message_drops_total`.

Reviewer: I think we agreed to revise this. Will that be part of this PR?

Author: No I'll do the revision in another PR

### `network_inbound_high_priority_message_queue_size`

Current number of consensus messages in the inbound high priority queue. Start dropping messages when larger than 16 * 1024.

The value of this metric should average around 0. There can be spikes, but generally large numbers mean the node is strugling to keep up.

### `network_inbound_low_priority_message_queue_size`

Current number of consensus messages in the inbound low priority queue. Start dropping messages when larger than 32 * 1024.

> The value of this metric should average around 0. There can be spikes, but generally large numbers mean the node is strugling to keep up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of this metric should average around 0. There can be spikes, but generally large numbers over extended periods mean the node is struggling to keep up.
```

### `network_outbound_high_priority_message_queue_size`

Current number of consensus messages in the outbound high priority queue. Start dropping messages when larger than 8 * 1024.

> The value of this metric should average around 0. There can be spikes, but generally large numbers mean the node is strugling to keep up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of this metric should average around 0. There can be spikes, but generally large numbers over extended periods mean the node is struggling to keep up.
```

### `network_outbound_low_priority_message_queue_size`

Current number of consensus messages in the outbound low priority queue. Start dropping messages when larger than 16 * 1024.

> The value of this metric should average around 0. There can be spikes, but generally large numbers mean the node is strugling to keep up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of this metric should average around 0. There can be spikes, but generally large numbers over extended periods mean the node is struggling to keep up.
```
